When this prayer is one way, it's very outer. Outer means it's not mystery, or it's esoteric, you
know? It's a prayer.
Because prayer is absolutely best upon the way of devotion. Devotion is not esoteric. In one way,
it is very upward.
Devotion is an unpalatable sense of joy and appreciation, trusting and soothing and calming.
And you can feel totally trusted and totally like to be part of that whole blessings and
environment.
That certainty, that beauty, all that is known as devotion. And devotion is the fundamental of the
growth of the spiritual realization,
or the root of the practice in meditation. And without that devotion, there is no way that we can
reach any further.
That even we are connected and practiced the most esoteric or the most sophisticated spiritual
practice or the duking practices.
Without the devotion ingredient, we really won't become or reach any result from that.
And therefore, the devotion is so important. And that's why throughout Buddha's teaching, the
devotion is mentioned all the time.
Once you kind of settle down with the intellectual emancipation, then the system of that knowledge,
that understanding you came to be materialized and bring thought is through the power of the
devotion.
And that's what it is, practices. For that reason, a numerous schools of Dribid Buddhism are very
big in the ceremony.
They started targeting the seven-line prayers, not by the rafudin bodhijata, that of course rafudin
bodhijata is the most important.
But the devotion, and when you have the devotion, unfailing kind of trusting devotion, that is raf
udin. That is bodhijata.
So it is kind of a very special way that bodhijata and rafudis are connected. For that reason, in N
yingma, they joined the seven-line prayer immediately.
And as well as in Gadi's schools of Dribid Buddhism, too, the calling of dhamma.
This is, in every of those great masters, reaching the highest realization through the spiritual
practices, everyone said devotion is the most powerful and powerful.
Again, once we settle down on the leg, intellectually, kind of like some solution, or this
contemplation system comes, starting in contemplation.
But when you come to the practice of meditation, then the devotion is the most important.
And that's why this seven chapters, or this dhamma practice is one way, very, very special way to
connect and activating, sizzling of our devotion system.